[Music]
[Applause]
why whatever train we all have our
secrets we just didn't get to yours yet
the world is arming faster than we can
respond
where's ss7 I need a favor brother
you're the only one I trust for this
the world's moved on commander bond you
would double Oh two years so stay in
your lane you get in my way I will put a
bullet in your knee
[Music]
the works that's what you two would get
along named Vonda
James Bond so you're not dead hello Q
I've missed you
is the most valuable asset this country
has if you feel yourself losing control
I'm not gonna lose
control
James you gave up everything for her
when her secret finds its way out
that'll be the death of him
what is it you don't know what this is
James Bond license to kid history of
violence I could be speaking to my own
reflection only your skills die with her
body mine will survive long after I'm
gone history isn't kind to men who play
God
[Music]